Interview Prep


Interview questions asked during interview: 

Difference between varchar and char 

What is function in sql? 

Is ado.net quicker or faster than entity framework 

What are the disadvantages of using Ado.net 

What is the difference between a  directive and a component? 

What is a directive in angular? 

Tell us about your experience at Revature and your projects 

How did you connect to your backend? 

Are you familiar with authorization? 

In What area do you have the most experience ? 

Describe polymorphism 

Are you familiar with sql? 

What is an aggregate function? 

Why do we use repositories? 

If we have two get methods in a controller, how do we specify which one we want to call? 

What is attribute routing? 

Give the syntax for attribute routing. 

Are you familiar with unit testing? 

Are you familiar with normalization?

What are some types of joins?

Which is faster? truncate or delete?

whatever you tell them you have experience in is what they are goign to focus their questions on btw.






Asked about recent project and what I did during the project?
What type of database did you use during the project?
Did you use external API for your project?
What is entity framework?
How do you use entity framework with your project?
Did you use authentication during your project?
What service did you use for the pipeline?
Do you know what aggregate functions are?
Did you use git and git commands during your project?
How do you deploy to docker and azure?
Are you familiar with SQL?
How do you select employees using queries in SQL?
How do you get the sum of employees in SQL? 
What is a HAVING in SQL?
What are the pillars of OOP?
What is polymorphism?
What is method overriding and overloading?
Is method overloading compile time or runtime?
Do you use unit testing and how did you use it?
What services did you use in azure and did you use azure database?




Have you used Store Procedures?

What is the difference between, drop, truncate and delete?

How would you select a unique record?

If I had a student table and I wanted to query the student’s name with a unique key, how would I do it?

Have you used triggers?

What are directives and what are the types of directives in Angular?

What is the purpose of the routing module?

What is a sealed class in C#?

What is the default class and member in C#?

Was there a feature or function that was implemented into a project because of your idea or suggestion?

What are the modifiers in C#?

What are some data types in JavaScript?

What are filters and how do you use them?

Can a static method be overwritten?

What is method overriding?

Have you used method overriding?

What is method overloading?

Can you give me an example or method overloading?

What are the different types of constructors?

What's the difference between let and var?



What are filters and how do you use them?

Can a static method be overwritten?

What is method overriding?

Have you used method overriding?

What is method overloading?

Can you give me an example or method overloading?

What are the different types of constructors?
Was there a feature or function that was implemented into a project because of your idea or suggestion?
What are directives and what are the types of directives in Angular?
What is a HAVING in SQL?
What are the pillars of OOP?
What is polymorphism?



What's Singleton?
What's async?
What's the OOP Principles?
Have you used Moq?
Have you used Store Procedures?
What's the diffrence between Store Procedures and View
What's in a HTTP request?
Have you used Azure, and what roles did it take in your project
What are events and delegates
If I want to return a unquie id to get the sum of accounts that it has, how would you go about it?




3 collections of standard .Net

the constructor types

What is OOP? what are the 4 pillars

difference between .toString() and Convert.toString()

tell me about Polymorphism

access level of private, protected and internal

what is method overloading and method overriding

What is CLR

Can static methods be overwritten?

Can multiple inheritance be used in c#? How to bypass it with c#

difference between abstract and interface

Difference between Delete and Truncate

What does COMMIT and ROLLBACK do?

What is Normalization?



What roles and tasks I worked on for my projects 

ADO.Net, how it is used and implemented 
Entity Framework, how it works and how it is implemented 
Angular Components, how it connects to each other and to backend 
What forms of Abstraction did I use in the projects 
How did I implement interfaces in the project 
How did I implement the CI/CD pipeline in the project 
What is part of a Dockerfile 
How did we publish our API and application 
How LINQ is used 
What are Lamda Expressions 
What are Delegates 
What are Functions in SQL 
What services did I use in Angular 
When making a component, what are the files that are created with the component 
What is CSS used for 
What types of CSS are there 
What sections are shown from SonarCloud
Questions lead to each other, asked about how we used it in the projects. Sometimes I got just a question about a topic, but this is roughly what was asked in my interview


they asked me about my background in Telecommunications and how DevOps was integrated.

they asked me about how the controllers were used in our P2.

a good number of P2 questions ensued:
- HTTP verbs/methods
- consuming API
- exception handling
- Entity Framework

what are delegates and events?

what are components?  what are they composed of and what type of files are created?

what are observables?

what is async programming?

they gave me a hypothetical SQL query to explain:  the answer led me to discuss querying two tables with different joins.

be sure to understand the differences between inner joins, outer joins, full joins and cross joins.

